#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{color}

\definecolor{dkgreen}{rgb}{0,0.6,0}
\definecolor{gray}{rgb}{0.5,0.5,0.5}
\definecolor{mauve}{rgb}{0.58,0,0.82}
\lstset{ %
  basicstyle=\footnotesize,       % the size of the fonts that are used for the code
  breakatwhitespace=false,        % sets if automatic breaks should only happen at whitespace
  breaklines=true,                % sets automatic line breaking
  captionpos=b,                   % sets the caption-position to bottom
  commentstyle=\color{dkgreen},   % comment style
  escapeinside={\%*}{*)},         % if you want to add LaTeX within your code
  keywordstyle=\color{blue},      % keyword style
  language=C,                     % the language of the code
  numbers=left,                   % where to put the line-numbers; possible values are (none, left, right)
  numberstyle=\tiny\color{gray},  % the style that is used for the line-numbers
  stringstyle=\color{mauve},      % string literal style
  tabsize=2,                      % sets default tabsize to 2 spaces
  xleftmargin=12pt,          % left margin
  frame=leftline
}

\lfoot{ywc110 \& rmb209}
\cfoot{}
\rfoot{\thepage}

\setlength{\textfloatsep}{1ex plus 0.5ex minus 0.5ex}
\setlength{\intextsep}{1ex plus 0.5ex minus 0.5ex}
%\newref{sub}{refcmd={Subsection \ref{#1}}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
figs-within-sections
tabs-within-sections
eqs-within-sections
customHeadersFooters
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language british
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family sfdefault
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf5
\output_sync 1
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=blue, bookmarks=false, pdfstartview={FitH}"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2cm
\rightmargin 1.5cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\headheight 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Digital System Design Report
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Yong Wen Chua (ywc110) & Richard Bennett (rmb209)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset toc
LatexCommand tableofcontents

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage pagebreak
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Determinant
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
yada
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Notch Filter
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A notch filter is to be implemented to filter a wave file that is corrupted
 by a single 1 KHz tone.
 The filter's implementation is first tested in software using C++ code
 first, before actually implementing it in hardware.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Design Consideration
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Two classes of filters are available for implementation: Finite Impulse
 Response (FIR) or Infinite Impulse Response (IIR) filters.
 FIR filters have the advantage of being stable and not subjected to feedback.
 FIR filters also have linear phase, which is simply a group delay of the
 input and will not cause any non-linear phase shifts in the output.
 However, to acheive a sharp roll-off, particularly when we only want to
 filter out a certain frequency, a high number of taps are required.
 Combined with the fact that we need to quantise the inputs, along with
 limitatons, having a high order filter is not desirable.
 On the other hand, IIR filters can acheive a sharper roll-off with very
 low orders.
 But IIR filters do not offer non-linear phase shifts, and can become unstable
 due to feedback.
 When combined with quantisation errors, the filter may become unstable.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
An IIR filter was eventually chosen for implementation.
 This was chosen primarily for:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Sharp roll-off of IIR filters with low orders
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Phase shifts are generally not picked up by the human ears, unless they
 are very specific phase shifts.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Ease of implementation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
However, care must be taken during quantisation and scaling so as not to
 cause the filter to become unstable.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Quantisation Considerations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Filter Design
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Quantisation Tests
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Hardware Implementation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Hardware Interface
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Hardware Operation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
\start_of_appendix
C++ Simulation Code
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset include
LatexCommand lstinputlisting
filename "D:/Code/Git/DSDCourseWork/notch_files/test/test.cpp"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
